Kyoto and Carbon Leakage: An Empirical Analysis of the Carbon Content of Bilateral Trade

Environmental Policy and Directed Technological Change: Evidence from the European Carbon Market 

Who Benefits from Environmental Regulation? Evidence from the Clean Air Act Amendments

The Economics of Green Building 

Incorporating Climate Uncertainty into Estimates of Climate Change Impacts 

Do Countries Falsify Economic Data Strategically? Some Evidence That They Might

History and Industry Location: Evidence from German Airports 

The Ecological Footprint of Poverty Alleviation: Evidence from Mexico's Oportunidades Program 

Automatic Bill Payment and Salience Effects: Evidence from Electricity Consumption 

How important are banks for development? National banks in the United States 1870--1900

Competition Policy and Productivity Growth: An Empirical Assessment 

The Consequences of Industrialization: Evidence from Water Pollution and Digestive Cancers in China 

Are Building Codes Effective at Saving Energy? Evidence from Residential Billing Data in Florida 

Finance-led Growth in the OECD since the 19th Century: How Does Financial Development Transmit to Growth? 

Credit Constraints and Demand for Higher Education: Evidence from Financial Deregulation 

The Effects of Usury Laws: Evidence from the Online Loan Market

Distributing Pollution Rights in Cap-and-Trade Programs: Are Outcomes Independent of Allocation?

Making Friends with your Neighbors? Agglomeration and Tacit Collusion in the Lodging Industry 

Technical Change and the Commons 

The Permanent Effects of Transportation Revolutions in Poor Countries: Evidence from Africa

Entrepreneurship and Urban Growth: An Empirical Assessment with Historical Mines 

Organizational Form and Performance: Evidence from the Hotel Industry 

Exports and Credit Constraints under Incomplete Information: Theory and Evidence from China

Authority, Incentives, and Performance: Evidence from a Chinese Newspaper

Do Foreign Firms Crowd Out Domestic Firms? Evidence from the Czech Republic 

How Bad Is Antidumping? Evidence from Panel Data

Is Protectionism on the Rise? Assessing National Trade Policies during the Crisis of 2008

The Effect of the Internet on Performance and Quality: Evidence from the Airline Industry

Enjoying the Quiet Life under Deregulation? Evidence from Adjusted Lerner Indices for U.S. Banks

Product Market Competition and Upstream Innovation: Evidence from the U.S. Electricity Market Deregulation

The Relationship between Market Structure and Innovation in Industry Equilibrium: A Case Study of the Global Automobile Industry 

Bombs, Brains, and Science: The Role of Human and Physical Capital for the Creation of Scientific Knowledge

Going Soft: How the Rise of Software-Based Innovation Led to the Decline of Japan's IT Industry and the Resurgence of Silicon Valley

Nested Logit or Random Coefficients Logit? A Comparison of Alternative Discrete Choice Models of Product Differentiation

Estimation of Random-Coefficient Demand Models: Two Empiricists' Perspective

What Is the True Loss Due to Piracy? Evidence from Microsoft Office in Hong Kong

The Ticket to Easy Street? The Financial Consequences of Winning the Lottery
Localized Knowledge Spillovers and Patent Citations: A Distance-Based Approach

Knowledge Spillovers from Research Universities: Evidence from Endowment Value Shocks 

Credit Chains and Sectoral Comovement. Does the Use of Trade Credit Amplify Sectoral Shocks? 

Import Competition and Quality Upgrading 

Climatic Fluctuations and the Diffusion of Agriculture

Do Natural Resources Attract Non-Resource FDI? 

Regulatory Reform and Productivity Change in Indian Banking 

The Impact of Training on Productivity and Wages: Firm Level Evidence

An Empirical Examination of the Pro-cyclicality of R&D Investment and Innovation

Unexploited Gains from International Diversification: Patterns of Portfolio Holdings around the World

What Are Cities Worth? Land Rents, Local Productivity, and the Total Value of Amenities

House Price Fluctuations: The Role of Housing Wealth as Borrowing Collateral

Do Energy Prices Respond to U.S. Macroeconomic News? A Test of the Hypothesis of Predetermined Energy Prices 



Trade Liberalization and Firm Productivity: The Case of India

External Shocks, Internal Shots: The Geography of Civil Conflicts 

Pattern-Based Expectations: International Experimental Evidence and Applications in Financial Economics 

Global Trade and the Maritime Transport Revolution 

Household Portfolios and Implicit Risk Preference

Paving Streets for the Poor: Experimental Analysis of Infrastructure Effects

From Baghdad to London: Unraveling Urban Development in Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa, 800-1800 

Bargaining and the Role of Expert Agents: An Empirical Study of Final-Offer Arbitration

Choosing the Field of Study in Postsecondary Education: Do Expected Earnings Matter?

An Area-Wide Real-Time Database for the Euro Area 

Credit Standards and Segregation